In Noam Chomsky’s “Manufacturing Consent”, we explore his theories pertaining to how mass media is biased and therefore working within the favor of corporations. 
Firstly, Chomsky makes an emphasis that the majority of mass media outlets, especially those that are well known or prominent, are at the beck and call of corporations. This is because those outlets essentially exist to make profits and revenue to their investors and higher ups who run them. The news people are given by these outlets are usually approved by the corporations in order to manipulate the media to fit their agenda. Unfortunately, any organization, including mass media outlets, require funding to remain in the public eye and there is no way for them to escape this perpetual cycle. Additionally, media outlets are funded by advertisers and, keeping that in mind with the last point, the outlets must also consider the news that they are about to release with the advertiser’s preferences in mind. Which shows that this is another way that the mass media is weakened via the funding of others. 
Chomsky makes another point that the media caters to governmental agencies and other powerful intelligence groups. For example, these governments or organizations have priority and first access to what the news outlets will release to the public. If the news outlet releases something not OK or supporting the government it could potentially alienate the news outlet from reporting upcoming or more recent news which can result in a loss of profit and consumers. 
Chomsky’s biggest theory concerning mass media was the current fixation in mass media on the “war on terror” which was created to take the place of anticommunist sentiment during the Cold War era. Chomsky points this out because it was intended to be a form of controlling society via fearmongering and other tactics. 
Chomsky confirms everything I already knew. In high school, many “reputable sources” were those of long endurance such as The New York Times, The San Francisco Chronicle, and more. However, whenever I looked up current events reported by American news sources compared to those reported by out of the country news outlets like the BBC or The Guardian they would always focus on different issues within the larger piece of news. I would also notice that in order to get the complete picture I would have to go to both liberal or conservative news outlets. However, going to varying outlets for news is not a bad thing, but I do think that there should be efforts to cut and completely sever the dependence of large corporations and advertisers on the media outlets and what media they give the public to consume. 
