This one was pretty interesting. I remember hearing about all of the Cambridge Analytica stuff that was happening, but I never saw who the whistleblower was or ever listened directly to anything he had to say. He has some great ways of talking about what's happening and good metaphors to put things in context. 

The culture being upstream from politics idea was pretty interesting to think about. I think that's obvious when you think about it, but it's maybe just not something you think about unprompted. When it's said that there are problems with politics, there are actually serious problems with the culture, and politics are ultimately a side effect.

I also found the history of the tools that Cambridge Analytica used to be really interesting. The idea that the program was originally intended to protect people from radicalization, but in the end it just became the biggest contributor is just really sad.

What he was saying about how online propaganda influences people really hit home for me. I watched my mom go from voting for Obama in 2008 to sharing Turning Point USA, Breitbart, InfoWars, etc. posts on Facebook on a daily basis. It wasn't overnight that she decided to turn into some xenophobic, racist, fear and hate-driven shadow of who she used to be. It happened bit by bit. It became tied to her interests, it became tangled up in her religion, all of her friends believed those things, so if she didn't, then she wouldn't have anymore friends. Eventually, she became so entrenched in all those lies, that it became her reality. Trying to convince her of anything else is like trying to tell her the sky is orange. I watched the same thing happen with several of my high school classmates and most of my old coworkers and extended family. I think people in California are largely insulated from this because the state is just so liberal, but I was in the rural Midwest, which is much less so.

I also agreed with what he was saying about tech regulation. People just easily accept the idea that tech is just too complicated to regulate despite other industries being similarly complex. I think that people like to feel that if they personally can't think of solutions on the spot then no one is capable of it. Hearing about how Congress doesn't care or understand is not surprising at all but is nevertheless alarming.
